Say it in Russian! Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing. 

Who said that? SURE you can die! You want to die?! No! I want to live! There are still too many things I don't own! Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you, and if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch. Like a safecracker, or a pickpocket.
And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet. Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them.
Why yes! Thanks for noticing. For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults.
Negative, bossy meat creature! Who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere? Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped. You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work, but they don't pay you or let you go.

I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though! When will that be? Oh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. Man, I'm sore all over. I feel like I just went ten rounds with mighty Thor.
You don't know how to do any of those. You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work, but they don't pay you or let you go. Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd.
They're like sex, except I'm having them! Belligerent and numerous. That's a popular name today. Little "e", big "B"? Spare me your space age technobabble, Attila the Hun! No! Don't jump!


For example, if you killed your grandfather, you'd cease to exist! Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything. No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it. Actually, that's still true.
You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN! I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"!

